Okay, let's look at these guys.
Now remember, these aren't instructions that are meant to be followed together.
There are different ways that you can instantiate or declare currently playing.
So let's look at each of them separately.
Okay, the first one. Everything is almost perfect but there's one tiny thing missing.
And it's the quote that matches this one here.
Much like our curly braces parentheses and XML tags,
you always need to put quotes at the ends of the string.
Okay, let's look at this next one one.
As we discussed in the last problem,
capitalization matters and there's something wrong here.
String is always a capitalized datatype.
Now, I'll discuss this a little bit in the next lesson
but string is not a primary data type like int.
It's actually something called an object.
Again, we'll talk about it more later but with string you always need to be capitalized.
And once you capitalize string, this would work fine.
And here this one is almost fine.
There's just one tiny problem.
Can you see it? Alright, hopefully caught it.
There should be a semicolon at the end here.
As always, you should remember to finish your Java statements with
semicolons and close all of your strings with quotes.
You don't want something bad to happen.